what's up everybody welcome to make this
your online cooking show in which I show
y'all how to make some food now today we
will be making something called called e
beef aka Korean short rib BBQ you may
have had this over at a Hawaiian
barbecue like as you can say such as an
Ellen Ellen
Ono's or any other Hawaiian restaurant
out there but today I will be doing my
version of it so sit back relax and here
come the ingredients alright so the very
first ingredient we're gonna be needing
in Kobe beef is obviously the beef part
and here we have Korean style short ribs
if you can't find it in your grocery
store ask the ear butcher these cool
enough to cut them as you can see
there's three bones here and this is
actually the short rib area so it's a
good cut next we're going to need one
small onion right here I'm using a sweet
onion but you can also use use a yellow
onion just one small one we're also
going to need mirin aka a rice wine and
we have about 1/2 cup here next we're
gonna have to use a sesame seed oil
sauce potent we're all using about two
tablespoons right here next we have a
cup of soy sauce we also have half a cup
of water kind of smooth soy sauce we
have next a cup of firmly packed light
brown sugar or golden brown sugar here
now it asks for garlic but my little
twist is like using shallots I have one
large shallot here just nicely diced up
if you can't get shallots or if you
don't wanna use shallots use about four
cloves of garlic chopped up roughly like
this and the last ingredient is
something
called an Asian pear kinda looks like an
apple but it's really a pear only use
one if you can't get this I don't know
really what to say this ups to maybe not
so much of a Granny Smith maybe a Granny
Smith with a half a cup of I don't know
I don't know I haven't really thought
about that but maybe use a pear another
different type of bare pear but we have
one cut up so here are all the
ingredients these right here sesame seed
oil rice wine they came nearing brown
sugar shallots small onion soy sauce and
the short ribs itself oh one more thing
you always need pepper I always have
this around and this is what we're going
to be using to make our Kobe beef so I'm
gonna show you how to put this all
together so here are the steps to make
call dpph actually what we're really
making right now is the marinade for it
so I'm what we're gonna do now is take
all our wet ingredients and throw them
into this bowl and my wet ingredients I
mean our soy sauce our half cup of water
you can try to mention that earlier our
sesame seed oil next we're gonna put our
mirin or rice wine in here that should
be it for all the wet ingredients now
next I'm gonna add here is the brown
sugar because I want to dissolve it in
the liquid so we're gonna give this a
quick stir
all right now we're gonna start adding
our other ingredients that are
vegetables and everything so I'm gonna
throw the onions in there and the
shallots side now for the Asian pears
you can just dump them as whole
sometimes I'd like to crush them if you
can if you want help kiss on that juice
out but I'm just gonna throw them in
like this now we're going to sit in here
and we're gonna prepare the meat all
right so the next part of the procedure
for all this is preparing the meat you
can't leave it as is and throw it in the
marinade but I like to cut them up into
three equal pieces and then have a
marinade it's just personal preference
you can leave like this I like to think
of smaller so how we're gonna do that is
we have three bones here what we're
gonna do is cut in between them
something like this so I want to do that
to mine
like I said leave them as whole personal
preference so after I cut them up I'm
just gonna throw them into this marinade
we have right here we cut out the short
ribs into three equal pieces or not
equal but two pieces to me the marinade
now use your best tools your hands and
start mixing them in the marinade
that's merge all the meat in there
alright when everything is nicely
covered we're gonna let this sit here
and marinate for at least four hours
obviously the longer the better
but we're just gonna let this marinate
four hours or more probably overnight
you can all right guys our meats been
marinating for a while there there's the
meeting right there it's been marinating
for four hours already
now the way I'm gonna cook there's a lot
of ways cooking it you can grill it
I wanted to grill it but where I live
it's hot so I said screw that I'm gonna
do it in a pan I wanted to use my
cast-iron skillet pan but I couldn't
find it so next best thing and I want to
cook about three of them you can get two
II get the idea afterwards but I'm going
to show you what it is and you know see
our meat nice hot pan
and they're going there you go
so what's good about this is that this
is gonna hook up fairly quickly
dad all you guys gonna see behind it
maybe flip it once that's it so let's
get this tough to pinch so let's go
underneath of it hangover
please this up does not take that long
to cook it's actually done so I don't
know maybe about two to three minutes a
side just watch it have a nice crust
color on it there you go
better view nice crust color like I said
this stuff cooks fast so you can do it
on a pan on the grill outside however
you want and basically it guys so that's
how you cook it let's go see the hint
brought up there it is guys Kobe beef
aka Korean short rib BBQ that's what
looks like no front or front Oh close
that's good give a little try
what I like about it is that there's a
with the onions you can taste a little
bit of the onions a little bit of rice
wine but there's like it's not overly
sweet you figure without that fruit I
guess I'm safe from the sweetness from
the pear and the brown sugar will be
overly sweet but not it's actually a
nice blend a nice balance to it anyways
I'm gonna say is try this out do you
guys like what I'm doing like it share
it subscribe all down here and if you
don't I don't care so until next time
remember eat